Added YugabyteDB in the tools (#5)
data-engineering-community/data-engineering-wiki: Tools/YugabyteDB.md

---
Aliases: [YugabyteDB]
Tags: [seedling]
publish: true
---

> ![[yugabyte.svg]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![[Assets/yugabyte.svg]]
```

> YugabyteDB is open-source distributed SQL database. It is most PostgreSQL compatible distributed database which is resilient and horizontally scalable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB is an open-source distributed SQL database. It is the most PostgreSQL compatible distributed database that is resilient and horizontally scalable.
```
